[Music]
twelve riddles that will test your
vision and personality type the way
humans see and perceive the world has
amazed scientists for centuries for
example a simple object like a red ball
looks different to us with the lights on
and off and from different angles the
human brain does a good job of
interpreting and processing information
received by the eyes moreover according
to Australian scientists the way we see
things can reveal nuances about our
personality today we offer you a set of
fun riddles that will let you learn more
about yourself and test your vision
before you learn a bunch about your
personality join team Brightside and get
all the fun updates it's pretty simple
just click subscribe and ring the
notification bell 1 how many animals can
you see the first riddle might look like
a basic children's puzzle but nothing is
as simple as it seems here look closely
and count how many animals you see in
this picture it looks like one elephant
to me but maybe you'll have better luck
in 10 seconds
[Music]
time's up
let's see what we've got here there's
obviously an elephant a donkey a dog a
kitty cat and the mouse the trickier
ones are a tail of a snake a mosquito
and a tortoise and now the top level
agents hiding in here are a crocodile a
dolphin a fish right there in the eye a
bird's head and a prod if you found one
the three creatures in the drawing maybe
you simply didn't have enough time
because that's not even half of them you
know if you ended up with 4 to 6
creatures on your list you spotted the
most obvious ones but still miss quite a
few did you manage to see 7 to 9 animals
birds and insects here well your
attention to detail is very good so
close to perfect it must help you out in
life quite a lot finally if you saw 10
to 13 creatures in between the mess
congratulations
you could be an FBI agent or perhaps you
already are but you probably wouldn't
share that in the comments below so
we'll never know right moving on to the
next test - what do you see first look
at this beautiful drawing right here it
would make a nice tattoo wouldn't it we
won't make you spot objects here just
answer one simple question what do you
see first I'm not giving you any time to
think it over just go with a first idea
you get if this drawing is a gorilla to
you it characterizes you as an
independent person who values personal
space and me time teamwork and asking
others for advice can be helpful too but
as long as you're comfortable being the
only decision-maker in your life keep it
that way if you see a tiger here you're
a risk taker nothing is impossible if
you have something in mind and you can
find practical solutions to nearly any
problem go you three what do you see
first another what do you see first
riddle again just go with your first
impression
do you see a bright explosion then
you're a good organizer and a perfect
leader you like to be in charge and you
aren't afraid to face the music
if this drawing looks like two hands to
you you must be interested in
understanding and helping people you are
a great listener who truly cares about
the problems of others for what do you
see first what do you see riddles are
fun aren't they short simple and they
give accurate psychological portraits so
let's do another one if this looks like
a village with huts birds and trees to
you you value traditions and prefer a
simple and peaceful style of life if you
saw no village but an elephant at first
glance you are respectful to others
loyal to your friends and a great
listener you are loving caring and
thoughtful and that's why so many people
love you five what do you see first
another riddle of this kind so what do
you see first if it's clearly a face to
you you are most definitely sensitive
and kind which is why you like to avoid
conflicts you have truly phenomenal
intuition and this helps you out in so
many situations if it's two birds that
you see first you are a warm-hearted and
fun-loving individual you have great
people skills and you're a great friend
and good listener
you most likely have a job that involves
dealing with other people if you're
still deciding which career path to
choose that would be your best choice
six find the odd one out time for a
colorful break from psychology no hidden
meanings here but there's a figure
that's clearly the odd one out you've
got five seconds for the task and done
so the creature that doesn't belong here
is a puppy you don't eat those right but
I personally wouldn't mind a bite of
everything else I see here seven can you
spot the hidden animal oh my it must be
a chameleon out there because it's so
well hidden between the rocks I'll give
you five seconds to figure it out
[Music]
are you ready to be amazed
it's Harry Potter's best friend no not
Ron Weasley the other one it's an owl
eight can you spot the hidden animal
that looks like a bunch of autumn leaves
to me or is it can you see who's hiding
here time's up
do you know the answer fellow bright
ciders it's a chameleon by the way if
you think chameleons actually change
their color to hide from enemies or
danger you're wrong they do it to
communicate with others of their kind
and to regulate their body temperature
as it becomes lighter a chameleon cools
down since it reflects the sun's rays
more efficiently going darker has the
opposite effect and now that our biology
break is over let's move over to the
next test 9 find the odd one out look at
all the G's out there let me try to read
it
okay enough of that something's telling
me one of these letters is nothing like
the others
can you find it in five seconds
[Music]
so eagle eyes did you spot the odd one
out here it's a P right there ten what
do you see first ready to learn some
more truths about yourself the final
what do you see first test for today is
here for you if you saw a bra you're
impatient enjoy every moment and love a
new experience you only live once
could be your bumper sticker keep going
like this where as long as you enjoy
did you see spider-man in the picture
that means your traditional stable and
calm you don't like to take unnecessary
risks in fact any risks make you feel
uncomfortable it's ok to sometimes step
off the path you know well to spice up
your life eleven can you find the
mistake this sequence of letters looks
so much like The Da Vinci Code but
something in the code is wrong can you
figure it out in five seconds the answer
is simple one X is missing from the
sequence 12 which color is the brightest
look at this beautiful painting if you
can name the style it was created in
you're an art expert and that was the
final test for today just kidding
which color looks like the brightest and
most dominant here
[Music]
if you think it's a dark-blue you're a
perfectionist
you're also independent analytical and a
high achiever if it's be yellow you are
adaptable easygoing and laid-back
finally if you picked C light blue
you're a creative thinker an
action-oriented person and a risk-taker
so what do you think were the results
you got accurate or did they surprise
you tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like if you had fun
passing the test and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]